Gwenevere Abriel: Later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time.
Alicia Noedel: Just one of those mornings, where she just wants me
Gwenevere Abriel: So taking a little time for yourself today.
Alicia Noedel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: I don't know. Probably going to make some tortillas or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay how how how on the surface are your emotions this morning.
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: Feeling
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Hmm.
Alicia Noedel: I didn't get much sleep last night, so I'm a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's gonna make those emotions pop up pretty quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, we don't have sleep. Okay, now
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already kind of have it in your mind memorized.
Gwenevere Abriel: The halt acronym.
Gwenevere Abriel: H Lt.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's it's a handy one just to put ourselves in really quick check
Alicia Noedel: Everything we worked on it yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's just one of those things that we just memorize. It's super convenient for. It's not just for recovery. It's for any kind of how am I going to meet any given moment. So the word halt mean stop. So it's kind of cool because halt means hungry angry lonely tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a cool way to put rate. Okay. Wait, am I reacting kind of based out of am I hungry. Okay, I need to meet that need. First, before I make an important decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I, am I angry. Okay, check myself do my breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And my lonely, you know, case where my depression is coming from. Have I taken enough self soothing self care. Okay. Oh, and you. Am I tired.
Alicia Noedel: All man.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be irritable, it's going to be cry. It's going to be real, real quick, rapid cycle of these emotions because when we're tired. Everything's right up there right at the surface. So it's a convenient one for
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, all these other things are really sort of fancy, but if we can remember basically help
Gwenevere Abriel: Run it through what is health stand for, am I hungry, and I agree on time. Okay, let me address those basic needs. First, then, then I can make an important decision.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just throwing it out there lots of those out there to memorize that. That's a pretty handy one
Alicia Noedel: Now that sounds, that sounds really informative.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be a
Alicia Noedel: Good thing to think about, you know, run through all those before you start thinking that that's how you feel you're like, well, maybe way and what wins it my emotions are just heightened for a different reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean why look at your little one right. It's so basic. It's like we address these things right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so we address them. And so we can address those in ourselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. I'm opening up a note, let's see, we reviewed three 330 so we don't need to do it today. We can do whatever we want. Now take a look
Alicia Noedel: The lighting for me okay good at.
Gwenevere Abriel: All it's beautiful.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, it's snowed last night like crazy. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, yeah. Mind. It is so it's so hot here.
But it really
Alicia Noedel: Like how beautiful
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It or just
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it's really cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's cool.
Alicia Noedel: Insulator wish I was in Florida.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's cool, but wish you were somewhere else.
Alicia Noedel: I will shows at Universal Studios.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Their business must be plummeting.
Alicia Noedel: Oh, yeah.
Probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Say don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: Us gathering. That's a huge gathering. Yeah, Mike.
Alicia Noedel: We all year round, because it's so nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah, always going going, going, going, we can go anytime
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we did. You did some hard work about me but you should
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. I think we started developing was it that we were working on the anchor room is that we were doing.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, we got pretty far. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: ported
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem with yeast infection house her
Gwenevere Abriel: House house. The all the girly girl parks is that infection healing up
Alicia Noedel: They sent me more medicine because of the ones that got the medicine got spilled. And so there wasn't enough for all 14 days.
Alicia Noedel: So they sent me more medicine. I gave her like five more days of it, and she's good right now.
Alicia Noedel: She doesn't have any rash in her mouth. And so once we stop giving her them and they said that that medicine causes rashes everywhere else. So once that one went away everything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh. Okay. Here we go. So you just had to hang in there for that medicine to start working
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's hard. Go to see our little babies hurting
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, especially when you there's not much you can do about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you did. So try to remember this, right, you had that helpless feeling you persevered, you continue to make the calls and spoke with her, you needed to. And it's being resolved, try to remember those. Okay, they're going to be important when self doubt creeps its way in
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, good job, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's up to you. I want to be sensitive to
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether you want to go back and work on this room and the room itself is more about getting to a positive place.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not intended to end in the negative experience. But it doesn't mean along the way. There might be some roller coasters of emotions, we could focus on other things we can come back to this when you've had more sleep is it's up to you. What would you like
Alicia Noedel: I think I'm implying anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Wonderful. So I'm looking at it now and
Gwenevere Abriel: The Pete, there's a few pieces I don't let me just, let me look at my those chunked into to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: As I recall, you
Gwenevere Abriel: May some amendments to the wrong. We made some amendments on April six,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't think God
Gwenevere Abriel: Must plan line adult makes a call I say
Gwenevere Abriel: So you were able to identify this sort of speaking directly to the. See, who are you talking to, okay, the adults, make the call. I say you need to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: She, she meaning you kept it inside every single negative actions affected her. She had to worry about our safety. She even a steal a bag of chips. Instead of playing with Barbies. Why are you acting like your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should not have had us if you didn't want us need to straighten up
Gwenevere Abriel: You can lose her to realize how many times she said in a row and wanted to herself. You should be ashamed of yourself. The apparent and reassure her meaning and follow through. Oh, you did some powerful stuff really
Gwenevere Abriel: Gets it
Alicia Noedel: Done it without you. When that's for sure.
Alicia Noedel: We know where to begin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is an interesting room and it because it isn't just one thing. It's a lot of things that we haven't even gotten to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see have we done the missing misinformation. I don't think we've even gotten to that yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's keep going here. Let's see, assertive, you should be. Yep, got the shame the apparent yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep yep handle your business behind closed doors.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then there's the Barbie dolls and make believe there's a family. So there's seven Barbies talking to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had and ended this session, I think you labeled it happy emotion no thoughts of worry and then I wrote to myself continued work he did incomplete activity. Okay, so we did not get there's a couple really big pieces to this that haven't, haven't been done yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just remember though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's remember the
Gwenevere Abriel: The resource team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, slow start for me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Like today's a hair up kind of day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back into it, let's let's kind of set intention. Let's get really in touch with the protective figure, and that's the self, making sure and you know that in real time. You know, it comes instinctual Lee. Everybody has everything they need
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's also Joaquin when you think of a protective figure. It comes naturally from you and you also really see it in working
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would die for my family. It's very, it's very real for you and you recognize that self protection and protection of others and you recognize it in yourself, sort of be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then also on the sillier side right there. Scooby, and I don't know if we want to keep Scooby Doo. I don't know if we needed to pull that one away, since I was a little afraid of the monsters. It's up to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably want to keep the silliness of it.
Alicia Noedel: Are you in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life that he's protective
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's yeah Sometimes he runs away, doesn't he
Alicia Noedel: I feel like that he doesn't provide
Alicia Noedel: What what that what that kind of position needs to be fulfilled.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said he does or doesn't
Alicia Noedel: He does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, look, before we leave. I want to offer one more thing protection sometimes means running away.
Alicia Noedel: Right. Yes. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I just thrown it out there that it isn't always stand in front
Alicia Noedel: Oh, your flight.
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. You see it. So you've got the fight. Don't you in there. So maybe Scooby unconsciously was representing room and and then he he books, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Runs out of there. So we can take it out if you want it, pure and simple will take it out. There was also Clarice Starling as a protecting victims. She's pretty and smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just sit with it for a moment and really want us to go close your eyes and just visualize and see the self, see who are keen
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in Scooby Doo. See if it has a place in this imagery there R amp D times when it's better to run
Gwenevere Abriel: And Clarice
Alicia Noedel: I felt for a really long time that you know that's why I had so much. I think that's why I had such a hard time answering that, when you first brought it up about a protective vigor.
Alicia Noedel: Because I've always had such a hard time thinking about anybody being able to protect me more than I can protect myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I know, that's why this stuff so tricky and make make it seem simple, but it's far more in depth, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, it says, I've never tried to rely on anybody either so
Alicia Noedel: You know, thinking about, I've just, you know, I've had one real unreliable figure after another in my life that should have been there to protect me. And so, you know, I'm hesitant to think about
Alicia Noedel: It, you know, what if they're not there.
Alicia Noedel: When I need them.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, Lisa. That's why this is imagery and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Now notice that what we're doing is I'm not bringing walking and I'm not making you stand up and face yourself with something threatening. This has to do with sort of the neural networks in your brain assessing
Gwenevere Abriel: At least in here, even in fantasy. Can you give yourself permission to sit with probably some discomfort of trusting that someone or even in your imagination will be there. So, and you're saying, and now you're saying it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't been able to do that, but that's the work is see how close you can get to even picturing it
Gwenevere Abriel: And I noticed your eyes stayed open and your mind went to. Yeah, but there's all these times, and kind of yeah but it it. No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not even in imagination and that's why I would invite the closing of the eyes and Justin fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means that you can leave the fantasy in the room. If you're not ready to pull your guard down, then that's that's okay too. You get to decide that I'm this is not a hypnotic induction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like that. This is just the closer and closer that you can give yourself permission to see these strengths. These attributes in your imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do this together, let's come in if you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me as much or as little as you can keep your eyes closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of breathe into it sort of settle in your mind was, was recalling that this is that would be a very risky thing to do. But now, now just listen to my voice kind of notice, is it screechy
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it deep is it high pitch just sort of pay attention to what you hear through your ears just tuning in
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you hear any feedback through the zoom or maybe some sounds in your room outside of them just use your ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Pay attention to the temperature. Notice how your head may feel with your hood on and versus your face. It feel a different temperature. Pay attention there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your shoulders back, tummy arms and about those hands today feel differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they exposed to the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tuning in taking nice nourishing breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to picture this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: This anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: The safe place. It will have everything that you need it. Nothing complete and we'll get there from here. It's a process that whatever comes up where it's not easy. Why then that's right on time and it informs the work we're doing cannot possibly do this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it is part of the process. It will take as long or as little time as as needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's just right for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you continue to be difficult or maybe some pieces will feel easier than others. And that's on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can notice this fireplace that you had put in there on the front wall in the room next to the staircase.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has that mantle rocks, much like your auntie Connie's
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's still summons up this sense of calm safe, stable cozy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to enjoy it without worrying.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long it will last just see if you can sit with enjoying and being with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Comforting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Template form.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a smell of faint smoke from the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a couch maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: A big black suede couch with little throw pillows and a lush blanket.
Gwenevere Abriel: sectional couch with a long L shape for you to lay down full size bed directly across from fireplace a carpet to start gray or black curly fluffy and soft.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how it feels to be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the blanket, the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: The sectional
Gwenevere Abriel: The suede couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body. If you're relaxing calm and safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: With special attention, possibly to your legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if they're allowed to settle in.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if the stomach is level.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's coming up for you right now.
Alicia Noedel: I think going to try and figure out
Alicia Noedel: My protective figure and think more about it.
Alicia Noedel: On my own time.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, just because I don't want to waste our time.
Alicia Noedel: Welcome, my mind drawing blinks like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, you're where you distracted by
Gwenevere Abriel: Not having the protective figure in the room.
Alicia Noedel: I just have it empty. No, no, no, I'm not distracted by it at all. I just, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know.
Alicia Noedel: I know that you want me to have one so
Gwenevere Abriel: I do, but the fact that it's not there is just fine. What I'm wanting is is for us for you to be in that room. So I noticed your mind went to. You don't want to waste time with that. It's okay. I moved on to this other piece. It's fine. Okay, definitely add to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I'll leave it the way it is and then will correct it is recommended as we go along.
Alicia Noedel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. You're so
Gwenevere Abriel: Calm. Okay. You do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got calm and check check your body that's been a pretty good messenger for you to check and see
Gwenevere Abriel: Get eggs in hands are still
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like some hands. How about how's the stomach.
Alicia Noedel: Level.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stomach. Were you able to picture being on that full size L shaped Ottoman okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion.
Alicia Noedel: Emotion right
Gwenevere Abriel: It is. It's a good one. Why not
And
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact is, your hands and legs are still your stomach is level, that might be a sign that that's exactly what that is is at ease. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there any thoughts of worry right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to call if we were able to see the door. Did we get that far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to find it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The exit. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: The trap door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, is there a tractor.
Alicia Noedel: We were yeah we made one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we see about chapter, chapter
Gwenevere Abriel: See, tell me about it.
Alicia Noedel: Right in the middle of the room.
Alicia Noedel: It's like a safe kinda
Alicia Noedel: Little they see
Gwenevere Abriel: Where does it lead to
Alicia Noedel: Like a lockbox, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Alicia Noedel: But it's built into the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: trap door hidden from view has magic wand. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did do the misinformation. We got it right here. So your misinformation was I pretended nothing is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's broken into so many different pieces in here. So you got all I threw down less of while everything's fine identity foreign
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that position anymore. I can handle things more you don't feel helpless anymore wish somebody would have protected and cared enough to stop putting drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, putting drugs before her tired of being hungry every day head shaking. No, I'm just, it's hard to think about it. I wish they could hug feel better trust the hug all the tears and insecurities being scared in the vault. Okay, so that's where you put it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So then we amended it and we've got the fireplace.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think what what's left is that sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Project pretending that nothing's wrong and as if doubting that you were exaggerating. What you're perceiving that
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do with this idea that you were exaggerating just that need to live on. Does that assessment that
Gwenevere Abriel: No I don't either. Oh, what can we do to maybe get it. Is it out of the vaults, make it disappear, remembering that you can use magic to get rid of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think maybe we'll do it through conversation so
Gwenevere Abriel: Does
Gwenevere Abriel: The little girl does Alice still believe it.
Alicia Noedel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so where did that belief that well, I must be just blowing this up so big.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just pretend like nothing's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of that go happened to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it. So who has it then still, is it still around. You don't know how it's gone. I'm maybe that's less important than that, it's gone. But is it gone
Alicia Noedel: Through me. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what about for out
Alicia Noedel: I don't know.
Alicia Noedel: It's not like that for so long.
Alicia Noedel: I guess it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back into this room and be present with Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of being her right that age nine, that that sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have other things in the room, not just what Elisa would want to check check in and see if that sense of I doubt myself my own perspective and perception at age nine, what do you think Alice would want in the room.
Alicia Noedel: At the time I was I was honestly just happy, you know, with a one place to be and a
Alicia Noedel: full stomach. But you know, I would have wanted to
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, of course I was a little kid. I wanted you know all the new toys that I would see and on TV and stuff. Okay, but
Alicia Noedel: I would have just been happy.
Alicia Noedel: Warm and fed and safe.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, okay. Nothing in, you know, in an empty room.
Alicia Noedel: On concrete, you know,
Alicia Noedel: As long as I was safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I know that's your minimum, but this is where you get to indulge in more. I'm not going to tell anyone. You're not going to be considered selfish for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean that all of a sudden, you won't appreciate and stay in gratitude, that's not going to be an automatic thing that happens just because you sit here and fantasy with me and in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we, we say, well, this is the bar. This is all I deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should be happy with just the bare minimum, and I didn't even get
Gwenevere Abriel: Not even in fantasy. You can't give yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's try a little bit together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We used to have this curly fluffy carpet and now we're back down to concrete again. Right.
Alicia Noedel: No, I won't fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there we go. We even had some Barbies. Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: I want toys in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's dress. Those Barbies. They're like, was it seven or nine of them interacting as a family. Lots of family around in Barbies. And so what did they
Said,
I don't remember.
Alicia Noedel: I think I yeah I would play pretend a lot. That's right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the storyline of this pretend game, get yourself into battle that
Alicia Noedel: I'm trying to think about what I used to
Alicia Noedel: Play about
Gwenevere Abriel: What don't force it. This is why I try and tell people this is not memory, you're pushing memory. And I'd like you to go give yourself open up your mind even close your eyes and I want you to just see it, feel it here at, be it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All those Barbies. You're not distracted by any kind of temperature concern. You're not distracted by an empty tummy. You have a full time. In fact, if you want to see food around. You want a fridge in that room, why not
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean you even have it in there, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Food in
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of food.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Alicia Noedel: Spaghetti.
Gwenevere Abriel: What should I, what do you like to drink. What would that what would taste yummy.
Alicia Noedel: As an arrow. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I would have been the ultimate
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Got a favorite beautiful so she's got her Dr. Pepper, she gets to have it on the fluffy carpet washes playing
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the body doing now with the Dr. Pepper, the spaghetti and the fruit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Okay.
Alicia Noedel: He's got like a little tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's the tier say
Alicia Noedel: It's just that I wish I could have actually had
Alicia Noedel: A life like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a different thought that notice that it goes to
Gwenevere Abriel: Memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, it's a different. It's a different part of the brain, if we pull from what you want. Okay, so hang on to it tight and it does take effort. It'll drift off to comparing to
The fantasy and one
Gwenevere Abriel: But we have the ability to have this right now so
Gwenevere Abriel: So just
Alicia Noedel: indulge it feels good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Time for maybe a small song.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either Dr. Pepper, you know, the fruit. What kind of fruit.
Alicia Noedel: Watermelon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what what how do you like it cut
Alicia Noedel: It doesn't matter.
Alicia Noedel: Okay slices
Gwenevere Abriel: Of watermelon slice
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they have the little black seeds in them or they seamless.
Seamless
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could even eat and it doesn't even matter that carpet wouldn't even show it. If you drop it because
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a warm welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got these
Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: Arguments talking to each other. Maybe we're make believing that it's a family. Not sure.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, that's what I used to do.
Alicia Noedel: A happy family.
Alicia Noedel: Just living their life like a normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Any one of these
Gwenevere Abriel: Barbies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Playing you
Alicia Noedel: They're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Just adults kind of adults interacting
Um,
Alicia Noedel: I guess like a mom and a dad.
Alicia Noedel: And kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the kids doing
I'm
Alicia Noedel: Going to school.
Alicia Noedel: Having dinner with each other.
Alicia Noedel: Talking
Alicia Noedel: Interacting
Gwenevere Abriel: So check in with Alice again just sort of be present, be in that room on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Full size bed front of the fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of what's going on outside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside outside or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Outside that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Going on.
Alicia Noedel: It feel like the reason why the room feel so safe is because the outside is so unknown.
Alicia Noedel: Anything could happen.
Alicia Noedel: outside of this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's safe for inside
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to stay with that for a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't forget that you have access to that magic but I'd like you to consider now just be present with this nine year old Alice just being with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that there's a real sense of sure yeah it's safe in here and and there's even an I don't know what's out there, but you're not preoccupied with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: As long as you're inside. That's the sense. I'm getting I don't have to be worried. So I don't know, but I know I'm saying here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to catch your first thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who could handle being outside
Alicia Noedel: Adult me
Gwenevere Abriel: So can you Alice. See if you can ask or invite in or in some way communicate with Elisa around how on earth does she sort of handle being out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to catch your first thought.
Alicia Noedel: The first thing I thought about was, um, being aware of your surroundings.
Alicia Noedel: Okay, being aware of what the light is happening around you at all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get in conversation. So let's see if Alice has a question or here's something from Alessia it's going to be a first person conversation like
Gwenevere Abriel: HEY, ALICE THIS IS WHAT YOU DO boo boo boo talking directly tour anyone listening will think you're insane because you're talking to yourself, but that's okay. You can tell them your therapist made you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, see what comes up. Is it, Alex. The question. At least you knows what to say. See what see what just happened because it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Being aware of surroundings. But how did, how did that conversation happen. Let me hear
Alicia Noedel: She just looks
Alicia Noedel: At me like
Alicia Noedel: It's crazy that I just came inside from
Alicia Noedel: The big world outside
Alicia Noedel: And see how I'm able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice how you're talking about it as if it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Island more direct directly. You don't know who's going to talk if it's the child or fits the adult but just start speaking from that person.
Alicia Noedel: Got me
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Alicia Noedel: Well,
Alicia Noedel: Sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Alicia Noedel: One day you'll be able to do anything and protect yourself from anything
Alicia Noedel: And you'll
Alicia Noedel: Be able to conquer whatever you want. Even if it's the world.
Alicia Noedel: You'll be able to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at Alice. Does she believe you.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at her face.
Alicia Noedel: Smiley
Alicia Noedel: More like a
Alicia Noedel: Like a reassuring reassure reassured, kind of like, oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks. Okay. And then what happens, she smiles. She says,
Alicia Noedel: Okay, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: She says, Okay, so just look at look at Alice
Gwenevere Abriel: She says, Okay, now does Elise you do something or does Alice do something just look at it. She's feeling reassured and says, Oh, okay. And what happens
Alicia Noedel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allison. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
They hug.
Alicia Noedel: I'm a very affectionate
Alicia Noedel: Person so I you know I'm constantly loving on everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: So state going into coming out of fantasy here so
Gwenevere Abriel: All of this is, this is real. So
Alicia Noedel: When I get a chance to go and
Alicia Noedel: Be with her face to face. Yeah. She'll get
Gwenevere Abriel: A chance
Gwenevere Abriel: To see her face to face, she'll get a lot of love.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: She gets a lot of love reassured. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in gratitude. What does Alice get to do
Alicia Noedel: Every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like an adult, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Play. There we go. Yeah, so let's get to play. What do you, what's the first thing that comes up.
Alicia Noedel: Please play
Gwenevere Abriel: Is really important. I really want to understand this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's reassured. She gets her hug. She feels right, I guess she's got this love and she's got a smile. She
Gwenevere Abriel: Believes
Gwenevere Abriel: That she will be able to do it yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's one more part though, for we go, right there. Can at least to offer something to Alice around
Gwenevere Abriel: How she can already
Gwenevere Abriel: Go play
Alicia Noedel: Woody me
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's try this on want you to imagine that there's something appealing outside. Maybe there's a playground out there a pool or I don't know what
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a group of kids or you know there's ideal affectionate parenting figures. I'm not sure what's out there, but whatever play is out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: To sort of toggle between the possibility that Alice could go out and play.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then come back to her. Is it a yes she can or no, and maybe we need to kind of explore what Alice needs in order to play outside
Gwenevere Abriel: So what comes up with this idea of going outside. Are you knew from the other things we were talking about. But what happens is I brought that up.
Alicia Noedel: Safety because I'm with
Alicia Noedel: Alicia.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Alicia Noedel: Are you would click it, go to the pool, and it really would have fun and it would be okay and everything will be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. I'm with her. I'm safe and I can go to the pool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you check in with your body and see if anything's left that's that's not quite the full truth, see if anything just got a little charged up
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that seems true
Gwenevere Abriel: A
Gwenevere Abriel: Glass Door currently closed locked. I can see the door now getting a wooden white glass handle door. Okay. Wouldn't white door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see it. Okay. So how would you you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to the pool. How would you do it go nice and slow. How'd you get it done.
Alicia Noedel: GET EVERYTHING SITS ON and then put her clothes on over, make sure we have all our stuff. We need to take to us. So lower little toys that are sunscreen and our towels.
Alicia Noedel: And we go up the stairs.
Alicia Noedel: To the door.
Alicia Noedel: And Alice has the key Alicia has the heat for it.
Alicia Noedel: And then we go out. HI, ERIC No lead that leads us to
Alicia Noedel: Ya le just to the back door.
I guess.
Alicia Noedel: We go outside in the pool is just down the block. So we walk down the sidewalk and hold hands with Alice on the inside the farthest away from the street and the cars.
Alicia Noedel: And we get the full
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is Alice to
Alicia Noedel: Swim and play into handstands and cartwheels and
Alicia Noedel: somersaults in the water from flips and backflips
Gwenevere Abriel: And is Elise, you're watching
Alicia Noedel: You know,
Alicia Noedel: In the pool with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: In school with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So interacting with her playing with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how it both of you feeling in the pool playing
Alicia Noedel: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, happy and warm.
Alicia Noedel: Water, the sun beating down on me, my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what does Alice know
Gwenevere Abriel: About Elise, yeah. That helps her feel safe.
Alicia Noedel: She wouldn't let anything happen.
Alicia Noedel: Because if we were to happen to her.
Alicia Noedel: It would affect both of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did Alexia know what to do on your own or she have to get a masters degree and how to
Alicia Noedel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: She just
Alicia Noedel: Knows that it
Alicia Noedel: gets hurt. She gets her
Alicia Noedel: She will protect you at all costs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does that allow Alice a chance to play.
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And again, just to say it again to delete to have to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: Where those lines were safety is versus danger.
Alicia Noedel: No.
She knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Does this Alice know what safe.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for nine year old. What a nine year old know and not quite as much experience, but having to do with does she need to pretend
Gwenevere Abriel: That something isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it is what is it about Elisa that gives Alice the safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: That shares
Gwenevere Abriel: deceitfulness okay
Alicia Noedel: Show lies between us.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it okay to be angry.
Alicia Noedel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about sad and scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can she say I'm hungry, I want to snack or I want to eat. Can she say that
Alicia Noedel: It's not about her being able to say it's about it. The need being fulfilled.
Alicia Noedel: More for me.
Alicia Noedel: It's grown all day long laundry laundry. There's nothing. There's that the meat. There is no money. There's no money, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's a noticing have a full tummy a full time. It's a noticing a Reno.
Gwenevere Abriel: On
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm full. I'm full. Just enough just just right not over full and not grumbling.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this Alice know how to register a little bit of hunger, not the starvation hunger, but hunger, just a little hungry, like, Hey, I'm bad, I'm starting to get hungry. She knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, she take care of herself.
Yes.
Alicia Noedel: Guys do
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend a little bit of time kind of talking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's sounding a little bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: What come out of this fantasy here for a second, just talking real time together.
Gwenevere Abriel: That tries to tell me, tell me more about what that phrase kind of means in current day
Alicia Noedel: I feel like I put myself on the back burner a lot to take care of everybody else and you know that's kind of like where I'm supposed to be right now, just because you know I do have to make my daughter.
Alicia Noedel: She's you know priority number one, so her needs to come before mine, you know, but I do try and at least like once a week you know do little things for myself that I don't do every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what those things are.
Alicia Noedel: Like I haven't done it in like two weeks, but I'm paint my nails or
Alicia Noedel: I'm
Alicia Noedel: To like a little extra like hair mask or
Alicia Noedel: Face Mask, stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it might be do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there might be time for that.
Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you been journaling.
Alicia Noedel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: writing stories or poetry.
Alicia Noedel: Working on a little canvas for the baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Alicia Noedel: With a quote on it. Yeah, wanted to paint her something so she got forever.
Cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you got some creative stuff going on.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, I was gonna paint that and then I got it all drawn out and then it opened my acrylics that I realized, you know, I've had these acrylics for like five years and they were in my storage for a really long time. So from it getting hot and cold hot and cold. They dried out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Alicia Noedel: So I don't have any paint.
Gwenevere Abriel: It won't. Can we can't add water. It just won't work.
Alicia Noedel: No acrylic paint gets like rubber
Add
Gwenevere Abriel: Them are
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Last, last week I talked about with Houston integrating the imagery of the resource singers and the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: As we leave today and I know you said I want to spend some time on my own really sort of developing this protective figure. What did you notice about
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened today as we near the end.
Alicia Noedel: We kind of like
Alicia Noedel: The fact that I'm
Alicia Noedel: My own protected figure for young for, you know, past me in the past.
Alicia Noedel: But you know, I can only protect myself so much in the, in the present, you know, as much as I can present myself, you know, I couldn't. I mean, I don't know if that makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, I think I'm hearing it is clear how you can protect your daughter, but you're still a little vague on how to manage adult boundaries limit setting self care my hearing even close to that.
Alicia Noedel: Um, yeah, I guess I'm
Alicia Noedel: I mean, I'm happy being being in I sell content is a good word. I guess with me being my own
Alicia Noedel: Particular figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know you're not the first one to do that. And isn't that really what I'm up to, anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So absolutely. I'm thrilled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it is you. It's all you. Even if you had picked the Hulk. It's still you
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, we see in the Hulk this perfection. This this clarity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of safety and we
Alicia Noedel: Don't feel like that strengthen yourself already
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, if we think if we can recognize it in the Hulk right I'm exaggerating it, but we can recognize it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can see it in ourselves, you may not know that. But that's the truth. And so you're even closer to it. You really recognize it in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so that's that's beautiful. And I think you said it yourself. You're like think it's kind of neat that I am my protective here, but then you digress a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what I didn't quite something about, I can do it for my daughter, I can do it for Alice rather I can do it for Alice, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you as an adult.
Alicia Noedel: I mean like to child, you know,
Alicia Noedel: A good strong positive, you know,
Alicia Noedel: Figure a role model is like a superhero in their eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Alicia Noedel: Wait, but for an adult, you know, you're just you. That's what I. That's what I meant. I'm not a superhero in my own eyes, but
Alicia Noedel: I didn't know if that would be a problem with working this program. That's what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will find out it working the program, it's going to be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to run into. I'm not enough you'll either run into something like that or you'll be excited and you'll be in that you know that growth mindset, you'll be excited about learning and oh boy, I want to learn this and master this
Gwenevere Abriel: But your mind goes to boy, I sure wish it was this and you get
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Done still hurts. And that's the work I'm working with. You want to put it in the past, but over and over again. It will take effort to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, haven't done it yet. What do I want to do and you force your mind to do it. It's not going to come naturally to you, but it does take effort and that's that's the thing that people think, Oh, well, it's supposed to just be come easy. No, you're having to push away a lot of negative history.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe five times more than this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or 10 times less than the other person. I don't know what the number is, but it's going to take effort longer broken with you. We all do it. We have to prioritize and budget our mental energy and say rat, and it is it is one thing to see the urgency of the needs of a baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it clear as day. And what about what's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may never feel it as urgent it is it important, it's still deserving of energy and that's where I'm coming in like rah rah just going by, you can do it, you know, and so it's
Gwenevere Abriel: There may be times where an urgent, it might be urgent and keep an eye out for those are the ones and you darn straight. It's time to paint those toes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you start no time and no rest no sleep no eat feeling lonely deprived. Now, you're not going to be as emotionally available to your daughter. You are central to this working
Gwenevere Abriel: You do, you do have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Taken care of in order to best take care of your daughter is the truth.
Alicia Noedel: Yeah, you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see an opportunity to carve out some time for rest. I better run and run this group. I'm a minute late
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we meet again at this time on Monday 20 x one day. Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright. So I want to hear more about where you find something important or urgent for you. See if you can grab a little bit of that maybe Journal, a little bit maybe put it in a poem draw something, see what you come up with
Alicia Noedel: Okay. Have a great day. Thank
You